# Fibonacci
This is an implementation of the (somewhat nerdy) Fibonacci Clock, using the crossroads between HTML and JavaScript. The Fibonacci Clock was originally invented by Philippe Chrétien and was named after the famous Fibonacci series because it used numbers from it to represent different rectangles and their lengths. The way that this clock works is that is uses five squares, with values of 1,1,2,3 and 5, which are derived from their side lengths and the first five terms of the Fibonacci series. Do note that there is a specific reason that there are five squares: the values given add up to 12. This is important because there are 12 possible values for the hour in a day on a 12-hour clock. To understand what value each square has at a certain time of day, they light up with different colours. Here, red squares are depicted as hours, green squares are depicted as minutes and blue squares signify that the value is used to show both hours and minutes. Some squares may light up as white, which are considered as null when adding up the values. Hence, to read the hour from the clock, add up the values of the red and blue squares. To calculate the minutes value, you add up the values of the blue and green squares. However, it must be noted that minutes are displayed in five-minute increments, which means that you have to multiply your sum of the minutes values by five to get the accurate total. The clock will automatically display the time your current location, since the program uses the time of your device. This means that if you were travel to a location with a different time zone, the Fibonacci Clock would change accordingly!
